MECHTAIL 
A Sonic The Hedgehog Story
By butcher@iaw.on.ca (Paul Lapensee)

This story is protected by copyright laws.  Feel free to distribute this 
story, but the author does not allow any unauthorized alteration of the 
story or distribution for profit.

All characters depicted herein are the creation and property of Service 
and Games (SEGA) and/or Archie Publications and/or DiC.

Commander Packbell and Bookshire Draftwood by David Pistone
MechTail by Paul Lapensee (La-pon-say)

Now that I got that out of the way.  Time to start the story.
Note this is my first story, hope you enjoy it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapture 5

Sonic was on a one way course to Robotropolis.  */I'm comming Sally and no
one will stop me from saving you!\  Sonic incressed speed.

MechTail grabed Sally a draged her towards the roboticizer.  "No stop
MechTail you don't know what you are doing."  Sally tried to pull away but
she was too weak and the Worker Bot's grip was to tight.  "MechTail you got to
fight it!  Don't let them win!"  MechTail still keeped draging Sally towards 
the roboticizer.  Sally had one idea left.  She stop struggling, turned around to
face MechTail and kissed him on the lips.  MechTail stoped but only for a 
second and then pushed Sally to the ground.  Sally's attempt to break the  
program's control over MechTail didn't work, but however it awoke his mind.  
*/Whats going on?\*  MechTail grabed Sally and straped her into a chair.  
*/What am I doing? *\  "Good, now it's time to say good buy to your friend 
MechTail.  I know you just love to do this to her.  Just think you can be 
together forever serving us."  Packbell said grining.  "Enough of this drama 
roboticize her now."  Snively said looking at MechTail.  I walked up to  
the control panel.  Sally started yelling.  "FIGHT IT I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT,
I BELIEVE IN YOU!.  FIGHT 'ZAP' Ahaa..."  Sally was hit by a stun ray. 
Packbell was holding the weapon. "ACTIVATE!"  MechTail reached for the control
panel.  */NOOOO I WON'T LET YOU, NOT THIS TIME, NO MORE PAIN, NO MORE SLAVES,
NO MORE, AAAAA!\*  PAIN, his home, ANGER, Todd and Alice, RAGE, his friends
and now Sally.  MechTail's arm stoped, his body was shaking and the glow in 
his eyes was fading away.  "ACTAVATE!"  Packbell yelled.  Suddenly MechTail
stoped shaking and looked at Packbell.  "I DON'T THINK SO PAC-MAN!"  MechTail 
said as he punched a hole through the controls.  Sparks came from the control 
panel.  Packbell ran up to the control panel and pushed MechTail out of the
way.  Packbell tryed to shutdown the roboticizer power grid but with out luck.  
"It's over loading I can't stop it!"  Snively looked at Packbell.  "Next time 
do it your self!" "Ah shutup!"  Packbell said as he looked around.  The lights 
turned red.  "We got to get out of here, it's going to explode!"  Snively ran 
out the door.  Sonic was bashing his way through Swatbot's when he saw an 
electrical explosion from a building.  "SAL!"  Sonic ran for the building.  
Packbell was holding Mechtail by the throat.  "I should kill you right now!"  
I looked at Packbell.  "You already have."  Another explosion went off, the 
lights started flickering.  Packbell through MechTail aganst a wall then 
looked at Sally, she was still out cold.  Packbell walked out the door and 
closed it.  I managed to stand up and look around.  There was not much time 
left.  I saw Sally out cold and straped into a chair on the roboticizer.  
"What have I done?"  I unstraped her and pick her up and walked towards the
door.  Laying Sally down I looked at the door, a mode kicked in and I could 
see that the door was magnetily sealed.  I looked around and found the wires
feeding the power to the door.  "ACTIVATE LASER."  A laser beam emited from
my index finger, and I cut the wires. "OFF" I grabed the edge of the door and
pried it open.  The door opened half way when the backup hydrolics kicked
in.  The door started closing I could not stop it.  I grabed Sally and pushed
her throught the door before it closed. */At lest she has a chance to live.\*
Sonic zipped through the hall way.  "SAL ARE YOU HERE?"  Sonic turned a 
corner and saw Sally laying on the metal floor near a big door.  Sonic
picked up Sally.  "Sally?"  Sonic tryed to wake the sleeping Princess but all
he got was a mone.  Another explosion went off and part of the celling came
down.  Sonic saw what was happing and ran out of the building with Sally in
his arms.  MechTail looked around for a way out but the openings he found
where too small.  "Well I guess my stay on this planet will be short one.
Oh Todd what have you gotting me into."  The sound of the roboticizer cycling 
up can be heard but something is different about it.  Mechtail walked up 
to the roboticizer but keep his distance.  Suddenly there is an explosion 
of energy from the roboticizer, the energy seemed to know where MechTail was 
and covered him.  "Whats going on.. AAAAAa!"  The sound of his voice gets 
drowned out from the noise.  MechTail is surrrouned in energy and he can no 
longer be seen.  The drained power ring inside him starts glowing again, it 
gets brighter and brighter, so bright that the it can be seen through the 
energy surrounding him. 

Sonic got a good distance from the exploding building before he stoping to 
watch it.  Sally moved.  "Oh my head, what's going on? SONIC is that you?"
"Who do you think Robotnik?"  Sonic said looking at Sally. "Is MechTail here?"
Sonic looked puzzled.  "Mech who?"  an explosion can be heard.  Sally jumped
out of Sonic's arm's and landed on her good leg, almost fell over but got a
hold of Sonic.  Sally looked as the building went up in a blase of flames and
sparks.  "Oh no MechTail!"  Sally turned her head towards Sonic and stared 
crying.  "Sonic he saved me... he saved me from being roboticized!"  Sonic
looked at the building.  */He must have been behind that big door.\*  Sally
huged Sonic tight.  "It will be OK Sally.  He gave his life for you." Sonic
looked at the crying Princess.  "Let's go home Sal you need a doctor."
Sally looked at Sonic.  "Sonic why are you dressed in a tucks?"  Sonic looked 
at Sally with a smile.  "Well for you I guess."  Sonic kissed Sally and 
picked her up and ran back to Knothole.  Back at Knothole snoring can be
heard, Antoine is still busy giving his speech.  Sonic zipped up behind 
Antoine and set Sally on her feet.  Sally roles her eyes as Antoine is still
talking about her.  Sally hoped up behind him and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Pardon moi?"  Antoine said as he truned around.  "AAAAAA is ze ghost of me   
Princess, AAAAA!"  Antoine ran away yelling into the bushes.  The freedom 
fighters look in shock as Sally walked up to the petastel.  "Well I see you
have been busy.  Am I late for my own furnel?"  Sally explained what happend
to every one there.  "So you see I am alive a kicking, but there was a chance
that I could have died."  Sally said looking at every one.  "In this war,
there is always a chance that some one could get killed, but no mader what 
happens, we must continue the fight to for a free Mobus."  Sally looked 
at the freedom she was draned out.  She then said. "Since we have a grave set 
up already,  I would like to dedicate it to the one who died for me.  He 
called him self MechTail." Sally almost in tears again, hopped off and grabed 
on to Sonic for support as she went with him to see the Bookshire.


The End
Or is it?

That evening.
Back at Robotropois the bulidind where the roboticizer once, was is totaly 
distroyed.  But amounst all this trash there is a ball of energy.  The 
energy is very bright.  The energy subsides and the out lines of a creature 
can be seen.  Though it is still too bright to make out who it is.  The
creature stumbles out into the open of Robotropolis.  Swatbots see the 
strange glowing creature as it started to walk.  They tried to stop it.
Energy bolts from the creature distroyed the Swatbots in the way.  It again
started walking but this time towards the great forest.  Hoverbots arive to
stop the creature but get blown out of the sky.  As the creature walked into 
the great forest and the glow dispeared only a big bushy tail is seen as the 
figure dispeard.

Yes now it's The End.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thank you for reading my story I hope you injoyed It.
I know I still need to fixed it up some more.
My spelling and grammer needs work.
Oh well stay tuned for the next short story.

Yes from the guy who upload almost all the screen caps on rat.org
/pub/sonic/images/tv









