SECOND CHANCE 
A Sonic The Hedgehog Story
By butcher@iaw.on.ca (Paul Lapensee)

This story is protected by copyright laws.  Feel free to distribute this 
story, but the author does not allow any unauthorized alteration of the 
story or distribution for profit.

All characters depicted herein are the creation and property of Service 
and Games (SEGA) and/or Archie Publications and/or DiC.

Now that I got that out of the way.  Time to start the story.
Yes right where the story MECHTAIL left off.
I have fixed up all the mistakes I could find, but there is a chance I missed
some.  I'm getting better at this, really.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

A gray squirrel can be seen laying down next to a tree, he is warring a brown 
jacket.  "Ohh my head where am I?"  The squirrel sat up.  "Man I have a 
headache this big a is screaming for aspirin."  He scratched his head.  
"What fur?"  The squirrel look at his paw and sreached out his fingers.  
"How?  I was metal and now flesh."  The squirrel pulled on some fur on his 
leg.  "Ouch I'm not dreaming."  He stood up smiling.  "Yes!  I'm Back!"  
The squirrel looked at him self.  "Well more or less I am."  He then ran 
around and jumped here and there.  "Boy I have missed feeling alive.  How
did this happen?  It's as if some one has given me another chance at life." 
He looked around "Where to now?  The sun sets in the west I think, and rises 
in the east.  He looked at the sky. "Or is it the other way around on this 
planet."  The squirrel shook his head.  "I have been on here too long."  He
said as he walked away into the great forest.

Two weeks later.  "Face it MechTail your lost."  He look around. "I'm back to 
where I started.  Where's a map when you need one?"  The squirrel pulled out 
some nuts and berries from his pockets.  "Man where's a McDonalds when you 
need one.  I'm getting sick of eating nuts." He ate what he had and sat down.
*\Oh boy what now.  Maybe some one around here can point me in the right
direction."  "FREEZE FREEDOM FIGHTER!"  He looked around but no Swatbots.
Some blasters can be heard from a distance.  "HELP!"  MechTail jumped up an 
ran towards the noise.  He poked his head through the bushes and saw a young 
male hedgehog being dragged by a Swatbot.  *\I've got to do something but 
what?\*  MechTail made up it's mind and jumped out in front of the Swatbots.  
"LET HIM GO!"  He yelled.  The Swatbots turned to face the Squirrel.  
"SURRENDER FREEDOM FIGHTER!"  "I don't think so!"  Mechtail said as he lunged 
forward.  One Swatbot fired, Mechtail jumped out of the way.  Then he made 
another run at the Swatbots.  Again a Swatbot fired just missed his head.  
Mechtail attacked the closest bot he could see, he ran towards the bot and 
tried to ram it.  'TANG'  "OUCH!"  The bot landed on its but.  Mechtail landed 
face first on the ground.  He sat up holding his right shoulder.  "You 
stupid.  I'm not metal anymore."  The Swatbot got up and grabbed Mechtail, 
but grabbed his hurt shoulder.  "AAAAAA! THAT HURTS!  LET ME GOOOO!"  The 
squirrel's eyes started glowing, it was a golden glow that became brighter.  
Mechtail's voice changed, it be came deeper.  "I SAID LET ME GO!"  The 
Swatbot holding Mechtail exploded into pieces.  The squirrel's paws started 
glowing also.  Energy from his body flowed into his hands.  Mechtail stood up 
looking at the bots with rage.  The Swatbots fired.  The beams hit him and he 
fell to the ground, then he stood up again.  The beams have been azorbed and 
the energy channeled back into his hands.  Energy surged through out 
MechTail's body as he raised his hand almost instinctively.  A blast of energy 
flowed out of MechTail's hands and blasted the hole group of bot's into 
shrapnel.  Only one Swatbot remained, the bot was guarding the small hedgehog.  
Mechtail turned towards the Swatbot and walk towards it.  The small hedgehog 
could see that the tall squirrel with glowing eyes was headed towards him, he 
was struck with fear.  The Swatbot grabbed his laser rifle and fired at 
Mechtail, no effect he keep coming closer and closer.  I looked like a seen 
from T2.  The hedgehog started yelling.  The Swatbot fired again.  Mechtail 
walked up to the Swatbot and touched it.  "Tag your it!."  The Swatbot shorted 
out and fell dead on the ground.  The hedgehog whimpered.  "Da. ..da don't 
hurt me."  Mechtail stopped his eyes changed back to normal.  He was silent 
for a moment, he was trying to understand what just happened.  He then looked 
around at the picese of Swatbot's scatered around the feild.  He then looked 
at the trembling hedgehog who was covering his eyes.  "It's ok now the danger 
has passed."  MechTail said.  The hedgehog opened his eyes and looked at the 
squirrel smiling at him.  "You.. your eyes they glowed and you blasted the 
bots with your paws,  I..I thought you where going to blast me."  Mechtail 
looked at the hedgehog.  "I would never do a thing like that.  Now go home 
before any more Swats show up."  The hedgehog jumped out of the hover craft 
and ran into the bush.

Mechtail was alone again.  He looked around at the trashed bots.  "Now how 
did I do that?"  He then looked at his paws.  */It has to be a side effect
of the roboticizer, when it exploded.\*  Mechtail had a bit of a smile on his 
face.  He then looked at the hover craft and walked into it.  "Now where is
that navigation panel?"  Mechtail looked at the controls.  "A ha."  He pushed
some buttons and the computer came to life.  "COMPUTER BRING UP A MAP OF THE 
GREAT FOREST AND PRINT OUT A HARD COPY."  The computer spoke back.  "Require
access code?"  Mechtail look at the keyboard, and thought for a minute.
"Hmm.... Oh yes I remember now."  'TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP'  "Access granted."
*/It's a good thing they haven't changed it yet.\*  The computer printed out
a very big map.  He looked it over there was still allot of unmarked spots on 
in.  "Hmmm must be allot of rough terrain."  Mechtail folded the map the best 
he could and shoved into his jacket.  He then ran out of the hover craft and 
stopped a distance away.  He then turned around, then looked at his hands 
and consecrated.  His eyes started glowing again as he lifted his hands and 
aimed them at the craft.  A burst of energy engulfed it, the hover craft 
exploded.  Mechtail smiled as he turned around and walked back into the 
great forest.  "LOOK OUT PAC MAN I'M BACK!"

The End.









