MECHTAIL 
A Sonic The Hedgehog Story
By butcher@iaw.on.ca (Paul Lapensee)

This story is protected by copyright laws.  Feel free to distribute this 
story, but the author does not allow any unauthorized alteration of the 
story or distribution for profit.

All characters depicted herein are the creation and property of Service 
and Games (SEGA) and/or Archie Publications and/or DiC.

Commander Packbell and Bookshire Draftwood by David Pistone
MechTail by Paul Lapensee (La-pon-say)

Now that I got that out of the way.  Time to start the story.
Note this is my first story, hope you enjoy it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 2

Sonic woke up in Knot Hole. "Sonic are you all right?"  Bunny asked. 
"Yes I think ouch.." Sonic looked up to see Tails. "Sonic where's Aunt Sally?" 
asked the two tailed fox.  Sonic look at Tails worried eyes. "I.... Tails hmm 
I'm... sorry she didn't make it."  Tails eyes open wide. "You, You mean she 
got caught right?"  Sonic could see Tails was ready to cry.  Sonic sat up to 
see Rotor, Rosie, Antoine, and Dulcy also in the same room.  "I sorry Tails
I wish that were so... she, she died in the explosion."  "All noo Sally Girl"
Bunny said.  Tails ran up to Bunny and grabbed her right arm and started 
crying.  "I tried so hard to get her out, but the door was too hard to cut 
through.  AND THEN THE BOMBS!."  Sonic said trying to fight back the tears.  
"Don't be so hard on your self son, it's not your fault."  Rosie said looking 
at Sonic.  "IT IS! I SHOULDN'T OF LET HER COME, SHE JUST WASN'T READY TO RUN 
LIKE ME."  Sonic could not hold back his tears any more.  Rosie went up and 
held Sonic.  The other freedom fighters went out of the room.  And started 
telling the news to everyone.

Back at Robotroplis around the same time Worker Bots and some Swatbots were
cleaning up the debre of what was left of the station.  Snively was also there   
"Have the Worker Bots work none stop until the station is rebuilt and report 
any bodes found to me."  Talking to a Swatbot.  Snively walked into his 
hover craft and flew away.  Worker Bot #549268217 was busy lifting a peace of 
paneling when he noticed a female squirrel or fox? lying under it, on the 
ground.  /*Ohh no not another one.\*  I could see she was not that old, she
was in her teens.  My body was about to lift her up when what appeared to be 
a gold ring fell out of her ripped back pack.  My program decided to pick it 
up also because it might be important.  As my paw clamped around the ring I 
felt incredible energy going through my body, it shorting out my systems left 
and right.  I fell over on to the body.  Then I pull my self up to find that, I 
got up by my self, /*What how did get control?\* I was free.  I looked again 
at the body and saw a finger move.  Something automatic turned on and I could 
see right through her */Hmm like a CAT scan.\*, her heart was beating but 
slowly.  She was alive, through barely.  I picked her up and the ring.  And I 
put the ring into a compartment in me. /*Now how do get out of here?\* 
Looking around.  /*Hmm yes I thing this will do it.\*   "ALERT, ALERT. 
FREEDOM FIGHTERS SPOTTED IN SECTOR 64C!."  The Bots stopped what the where 
doing and started running towards a building. /*Yes now to get out of here.\*. 

'Thump, Thump, Thump.' "SONIC... SONIC are you there?" Rotor said knocking     
at Sonic's hut.  "GO AWAY!"  "Sonic its been hours aren't you going eat?"
"No just leave me alone."  Rotor surged his shoulders and turned around. 
Walking up to Tails and Bunny. "It's no use he's not coming out." 
"Poor Sugar Hog he's really taking it hard."  Bunny said.  "Aunt Bunny we'll
Sonic every come out?"  Tails said looking at Sonic's hut.  "Yes I think he
just needs some time alone."  Sonic was looking through his window behind
the curtain and he saw Bunny, Tails and Rotor walking away.  He turned
around and started talking to him self, his eyes where red.  "Why, Why Sal
why not me?"  Slamming his fist against a wall.  "She is what has keep Knot- 
hole together, what can I do besides run.  I mean I am the leader but.. Sally 
makes most of the decisions, what good am I?"  Sonic sat on his bed and 
thought some more.  "What good will it do going after Pakerbell or Snively?  
Sally's gone."  Sonic sat for a good 10 minutes when he heard a beep.  Sonic 
looked around then heard another beep.  It was coming from his back pack.  
He opened the back pack saw Nicole.  Sonic grabbed Nicole and sat on his 
bed again.  "This is all I have left of Sally to remember her."  Sonic said.
Sonic thought some more then flipped open Nicole.  "Nicole why where you
beeping?"  Sonic said to the small computer.  "Sally has programmed me to 
remind her to log in once a day for her Diary." "Oh Nicole, Sally died today."
"I'm sorry to hear that Sonic it must be quite a loss to you, to lose some one
you love.  Through I am unable to morn her loss,  I will miss her input."
Sonic looked surprised.  "You mean you can't cry?"  "Correct I was not
programmed to cry.  But I will still miss her."  Nicole said with no change 
in it's tone.  "Sonic I have some files which have been created by Sally
and the King which are to be run in the event of Sally's death.  2 Files are 
marked For you only,  1 For Bunny, 1 For Tails, 1 For Rotor, 1 For Rosie and 
1 for Antoine.  There is also 2 files for the Freedom Fighters and 1 file 
which is Sally's Will."  "Nicole what are these files?"  Sonic said looking at 
Nicole. "The files are recorded messages, all have both audio and video.  Do 
you wish to display your files now?"  Sonic thought for a moment. "NO later."
Sonic closed Nicole and put it a side.  "Man I getting hungry!"  Sonic said 
as he walked out the door.

Somewhere in Robotropolis in a abandoned house,  Sally is laying on a bed, 
her left leg is being held straight by two pieces of metal with some torn up 
sheets. "mhf ah..."  Sally turned her head a bit then back.  Sally started 
opening her eyes.  What she saw was very blurry then the picture started to 
clear up, she could make out something red, no two red dots.  Then every 
thing was clear.  She saw a Worker Bot looking right at her.  "AAAAhmmm..."  
The Bot put his metal paw around here mouth.  "Shhh you want to alert every 
Swatbot in Robo town." Sally calmed down.  "Who are you, and how.."  "My name 
is not important but your safety is.  And how I can control my self?  Well I 
think it has something to do with a glowing ring you where caring."  Sally 
thought for a moment.  "Ok that makes sense.  Hmm How did you find me, where 
did you find me?"  "Boy you like asking alot of questions.  Well I found you 
while I was cleaning up a mess, I think you made, and well you where under it.  
And it was at where Power Station 12 use to be.  Hey nice job."  The Worker 
Bot said with a smile.  Sally smiled back.  "My name is Sally, who or what 
should I call you?"  The Worker Bot thought for a sec.  "Call me MechTail."
"OK MechTail,  Thank You."  Sally said looking at Worker Bot. *\He must have
been handsome, before he was changed./*  Sally thought.  There was silence
for a good 10 seconds.  "So what's a pretty lady like you doing in a place 
like this?"  MechTail said.  "Oh I thought I blow up a Power Station or two
today." Sally said trying to keep her mind off the pain.  "Yes I see, and you
did this all by your self?"  MechTail said.  "No I had help."  Sally said.
"Oh so you belong to a group of Freedom Fighters."  The metal squirrel said.
"Yes I do." Sally coughed a couple times.  "Well your quite hurt, you have a
broken leg and some cracked ribs.  Its a good thing you weren't awake when I
reset you leg."  MechTail said looking at her leg.  "You must be hungry and
thirsty by now?"  MechTail said then stood up.  "Just a little a guess."
Sally said trying not to worry him because she was very thirsty.  "OK stay 
here I be back, I'll hunt down some food."  MechTail said and walked out of
the room.  Then Sally fell a sleep.

Sonic didn't sleep very well that night, he keeped seeing Sally reaching for
him and then a door slamming shut in front of her face.  Every so often he'd
hear Sally's voice calling saying. "Why didn't you save me Sonic?" Then Sonic
would wake up sweating then try to get back to sleep again.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OK that's the end of this chapter.
So Sally is a live but the Freedom Fighters think she is dead, so what 
happens next you'll just have to wate till the next chapter.

BYE










