MECHTAIL 
A Sonic The Hedgehog Story
By butcher@iaw.on.ca (Paul Lapensee)

This story is protected by copyright laws.  Feel free to distribute this 
story, but the author does not allow any unauthorized alteration of the 
story or distribution for profit.

All characters depicted herein are the creation and property of Service 
and Games (SEGA) and/or Archie Publications and/or DiC.

Commander Packbell and Bookshire Draftwood by David Pistone
MechTail by Paul Lapensee (La-pon-say)

Now that I got that out of the way.  Time to start the story.
Note this is my first story, hope you enjoy it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3 

It's was night in Robotropolis not that you could tell anyways.  Two Swatbots
are garding a door that leds to some holding sells.  A Worker Bot walks up 
to the bot's.  "HALT.  PLEASE STATE NUMBER AND RANK?"  One of the Swatbots
said.  "WORKER BOT #549268217 RANK TEC."  The Swatbot's looked at each other
then looked at the Worker Bot. "Please state password and reason for entery?"  
The Worker Bot look at one Bot then the other.  "Can I get back to you on 
that?"  The Swatbots looked at each other again.  That was not an expected
answer from a Worker Bot but since the Bot's where programmed to not atack a
Worker Bot they just stode there stuped.  The Bot's then turned around to an
empty space, where the Worker Bot was standing.  The Bot's looked both ways
but no sign of the Worker Bot.  Then from a near by alley a rumbling noise 
can be heard.  The Swatbots again look at each other then look towards the
noise.  Then out of noware a trash bin is rolling very fast towards them 
"HAL..." 'CRASH'  Both bots are hit by the bin and are pushed a good 10 feet
away before hiting and being crushed by the steal wall and the bin.  The 
Worker Bot walked up to the now empty door. "I guess my password was acceped."  
He said with a big smile.  Walking down stares the Worker Bot heard some 
crying and moping.  He stoped and looked around the couner and saw some 
people locked in cells wating to be Roboticized.  He then saw a Swatbot 
walking to the other end of the room then out a door. /*Well a long as I have 
control I should do soming.\* I walked up to the sells.  "Help us.  Please."  
A cat said looking at me. "If you want to stay alive Shhh.." MechTail said 
then walked up to the hand print computer. "Open all sells."  "Require hand 
print and keycode."  The computer said.  "Well I don't know the keycode but 
here's a hand print." MechTail made a fist and smashed the computer, spark's 
came from the computer and the sells opened, also an alarm went off.  All the 
prisioners got up and ran out of the building.  I just stood there as Swatbots 
ran in.  I pointed to another door. "CAPTURE FREEDOM FIGHTERS." The Swatbots 
turned and ran out through the other door.  /*Very good you stuped bots.\*  
I walked up to the food replacator.  "Oh yes I can't forget this."  MechTail 
pushed a button and grab the food and drink.

That morring the Freedom Fighters woke up but not that fast since there was
no hurry for what was about to take place today.  Sonic was the last one to 
get up he looked terrible but feeling a little better then yesterday.  Sonic
looked in the mirror. "Man who would every think I would look this bad in the 
morring."  Sonic grabed a jug of water and dumped it on him self.  "AAhaaaa
COLD, OH WAY PAST CHCCH oh A I must remind my self not to do that again. 
Sonic grabed the nearest towel he could fine and dried him self.  Sonic 
looked at his desk and saw Nicole on it.   "No. Breakfest first then Nicole.  
Sonic then looked in the mirror.  "Not bad."  Tails was wating for Sonic to 
come out of the hut.  The door opened and Sonic walked out.  "Sonic."  Tails 
barked.  "Oh hi Tails"  Sonic said.  "Are you OK now Sonic?"  Tails said 
looking consered.  "Ya I guess."  Sonic said looking at the two tailed fox, 
both started walking towards the kitchen.  "I thought you would never come 
out of there."  Tails said.  "Well I did yesterday for a short time."  Sonic 
said as they where walking.  "Well I understand, Sonic remember when you 
found me I didn't want to go anywhere untill I saw my Mom and Dad."  Sonic 
look at Tails and thought for a moment.  "Yes I do Tails, and I had to drag 
you out before more Swatbots came."  Sonic was feeling better, but he felt 
like kicking him self for not thinking of everyone else.  Sonic walked into 
the dining room to see his spot already had been set for him, and looking 
around he saw every one there.

In Robotropolis Packbell is sitting in the big chair when Snivley walked in.
"Whats the big idea waking me up this early in the morring?"  Packbell was
not amused.  "Sir we have a problem."  Packbell got out of the chair.
"What kind of a problem?"  Snivley sat in the chair.  "Three actualy.  One
no bodys where found.  Two a Worker Bot is missing.  Three some Freedom 
Fighters managed to escape from the holding sells in building 6."  Packbell
said to the short human.  "ANY GOOD NEWS?"  Snivley trying to wake up.
"Well yes I have found some fur and blood under the ruble, the DNA matches
Princess Sally."  Packbell said holding up a sample of fur.  "So if there's
blood she must be hurt."  Snivley said with a bit of a smile.  "Correct.
Also I have found out who the missing Worker Bot is.  Computer display 
profile on Worker Bot #549268217."  On the big screen a there are two pictures
that appear, one shows a squirrel in his teens whering a jacket and a belt 
with electronic componets atached to it.  The other picture shows him again 
this time robotcized. "Information states that he was the leader of an 
easteren Freedom Fighter group, he went by the name Mechtail.  Captured 32 
days ago and roboticized.  No more information on him."  Snivley sat in the 
chair and then said.  "And what about the break out?"  "I was just about to 
view the video recording when you came in.  Computer play video record from 
building 6, camera 3, time index 22:30.  The computer display switches to a 
view of cells with Mobians in them, a Swatbot walks by, then a Worker Bot
walks up to the sells saids something then turns around and walks to the
hand print computer, smashes it and the cells open.  "Computer stop.  Zoom in
on section 207X140 by 50%.  I do beleive we have found the missing Worker
Bot.  Computer continue."  The computer then shows Swatbots running in.  The  
Worker Bot points towards another door and the Swatbots run through the door. 
Then the Worker Bot walks up to a food replicator and grabs some food and 
drink.  "Computer end.  Now why would a Worker Bot need food and drink?"  
Packbell thinks for a micro second.  "He must be getting food and drink for
Princess Sally, it makes sense now.  The Worker Bot's last know location
was at where Power Station 12 was."  Snivley now fully awake is realising just
what Packbell said.  "But how can a Worker Bot just break his programing and
save the Princess?"  Packbell looking at Snivley.  "Well it is possible that
the Princess reprogrammed him, or his will is a lot stronger then we thought."
Snivley stood up. "Packbell reprogram the Spy-orbers and Swatbots to find 
them, check every buliding and abanded house."  Packbell then turned and 
walked up to the control panel and typed in the new orders.

Princes Sally woke up in the same bed with the same two red eyes looking at
her, but this time she was not surprised.  "It's good to see that your still
in the land of the living Sally."  MechTail said and handed her a glass of
water.  Sally took the glass of water and drank it all.  "Boy you must have 
been thirsty.  Well here is the best I could do for food."  MechTail handed 
her the prision food.  "Thanks"  Sally said and ate it all even through it 
tasted terrible.  "So how are you feeling today?"  Sally moved a little.  
"Better.  Anyways I got to get a message to the other Freedom Fighters, they 
probily think I'm dead."  Looking around.  "Well it's not safe to walk around, 
but staying here is no better."  MechTail stood up and walked a little, 
MechTail stop his face changed and he put his paw to his head.  "Oh what a 
headache, it's hard to think."  Sally look at MechTail and remembered when 
Sir. Chariles first got his free will back from a Power Ring.  "I'm sorry to 
say this MechTail but you woun't be in control much longer.  The effects of 
the Power Ring are only temperary."  MechTail looked back at Sally.  
"No I want to be free no more pain.  Please there has to be away?"  Sally sat 
up and put her paw on MechTail's shoulder.  "The only way is to be 
de-roboticized."  MechTail looked back at Sally.  "If only I could beleive 
that Sally, I have never meet anyone who has been de-roboticized."
Sally could see the pain in his eyes.  "You got to beleive me on this 
MechTail, my Freedom Fighter group has made a de-roboticizer once but it's
effects didn't last.  But one day it will work right and I will make sure that 
you will get de-roboticized."  Mechtail looked at Sally and streched out his   
paw.  Sally grabed it and MechTail helped her up.  "Besides you saved my life
it's the lest I could do."  Sally said with a smile.  "Well if I ever get out
of this Sally, you owe me a dance."  MechTail smiled.  "Sure thing.  Now if
you don't mind lets get going."  MechTail grabed onto Sally's arm and helped 
her up and out the door.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well I can keep on typing forever bit thats it for this chapter.
Yes Sonic finly looks at his messages from Sally in the next chapter.

BYE


