MECHTAIL 
A Sonic The Hedgehog Story
By butcher@iaw.on.ca (Paul Lapensee)

This story is protected by copyright laws.  Feel free to distribute this 
story, but the author does not allow any unauthorized alteration of the 
story or distribution for profit.

All characters depicted herein are the creation and property of Service 
and Games (SEGA) and/or Archie Publications and/or DiC.

Commander Packbell and Bookshire Draftwood by David Pistone
MechTail by Paul Lapensee (La-pon-say)

Now that I got that out of the way.  Time to start the story.
Note this is my first story, hope you enjoy it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 4 

Same day as the last chapter. 

The Freedom Fighters were busy preparing a funeral for Princess Sally.  They 
had a coffen made but there was no body for it so a picture was put in its
place.  The coffen was covered in flowers.  Freedom Fighters from around
the world where ariving to pay there respects, through not all the freedom
fighters around the world could make it because of situations beyond there
control and even some could not be reached.  Sonic was in his hut getting
dress up through he hated wairing clothes but he acceped the fact he had to.
Sonic looked around and again saw Nicole on his desk.  He finlly desided to
play his files.  He grabed the small computer and flip it open.  "Nicole
I think i'm ready to see my files.  Display."  A holagram of Sally appeard
before him.  The holagram started talking.  "Hello Sonic,  this is Sally
if you are viewing this file then soming must have gone wroung.  Don't
blame you self Sonic, we both know that each time we go on a mission there
is always a chance that we might not make it back.  If I died I'm sure it was
while fighting for a fee Mobus.  Or if I was roboticized, please don't lose 
hope Sonic, and don't go after me, I don't want you to see me that way.  I 
just want you to know that I beleave in you, you are the leader of the 
Freedom Fighters not by luck, you earned it Sonic, please believe in your 
self.  Well I can go on and on there is just too much to say.  But I know that
one day Mobus will be free again.  Good Bye Sonic The Hedgehog.
I love you."  The holagram disapeard.  "End of File."  Nicole said.  Sonic
sihed.  "Good Bye Sal."  Nicole then spoke up.  "There is another file Sonic
do you wish to view it?"  Sonic sat down on his bed.  "OK.  Display."
A holagram of King Acorn apeard then spoke.  "Sonic this file has been created
for you while I was in the Void and has been uploaded to Nicole from the 
freedom fighter list which I gave to Sally.  I just want to say how sorry I am
that Sally has died Sonic, through I am unable to know my self that she had
died I will find out in time with help Nogus.  I have also been able to view 
things happening on Mobus with help from Nogus and have watched you and Sally 
fight for Mobus.  Sonic since Princess Sally Alice Acorn has died there is
no one to take her place on the throne.  I may never leave this place Sonic 
and some one needs to take the throne.  I have choicen a person to take her
place.  Some one who has been by her side all her life.  I have no way of
making this offical,  but this file has in it all the prof that I could 
provide.  Sonic by The Royle House of Acorn I apoint you Sonic The Hedgehog 
as King of Mobus, Rule with Honer.  Rosie and other keepers of the Royle
house will help you.  Good Bye Sonic."  Sonic was in a daze, he sat for good
5 minutes and then said.  "I'm WHAT!."

MechTail and Sally are walking through a dark alley.  Sally is using a piece
of wood as a cruch and limping along beside MechTail.  MechTail signaled Sally
to stop as they approched a corner.  MechTail glances around the corner. 
One Swatbot is guarding the enterence.  MechTail steps back.  "There is one
Swatbot guarding the comuncations building, any ideas?"  Sally limped 
forward and looked around the corner, she then steped back.  "Well if Sonic 
where here he would just get the Swatbot to chase him."  MechTail put his 
paw on his head and droped to his knees.  "I'm not sure how much longer I can 
keep control.  We'd better hurry."  MechTail stood up again.  Sally looked at 
him.  "What we need to do is to distract the Bot so we can get in."  Mechtail 
looked around and spoted a piece of pipe and picked it up.  "OK while I 
distract the Swatbot you sneek in."  Sally looks at MechTail with anger.  "No 
I don't want you get hurt, I'm sure there is another way."  MechTail again 
put his paw on his head.  "We don't have time or I don't anyways.  I be fine 
Swatbots are programmed only to attack Freedom Fighters not Worker Bots."  
MechTail pushed Sally aside and walked out of the corner and walk right in 
front of the Swatbot.  The Swatbot just looked at the Worker Bot for a second 
then something went click inside.  "HALT WORKER BOT #549268217 YOU ARE TO BE
DETAND BY THE ORDER OF PACKBELL!"  MechTail look in horror as the Swatbot
walked forward to grab him.  MechTail swong the metal bar at the bot, the 
Swatbot just grabed it and through it a side.  MechTail jump out of the way.  
The Swatbot turned and walked forward trying to grab MechTail.  MechTail used 
his robotic legs to jump again but this time landing on the Swatbot shoulders. 
Sally watched MechTail fighting with the Swatbot.  MechTail look at Sally.
"GO, DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME GO!."  Sally limped as fast as she could through the
door. Unaware to both of them a Spy orbe was watching.  The Swatbot tried
to get a hold of the malfuncioning Worker Bot.  "SAY UNCLE, SAY UNCLE!."  
MechTail grabing the Swatbot's head and twisted it around.  Sparks flew every 
ware as MechTail ripped the Swatbot's head off.  The headless body fell over.  
MechTail landed on the ground still holded the Swatbot's head.  Sally limped 
the best she could even with the piece of wood it was taking time to climb a 
flight of stairs, she would have taken the elevator but she was not sure how 
safe it would be.  MechTail droped the Swatbot head and then ran into the 
building after Sally.  Sally reached the top of the stairs.  MechTail was 
starting to feel dizzy, the power ring was lossing its charge and he felt like 
he was sleep walking.  He saw an elevator and pushed the button the door slid 
open.  MechTail walked in and pressed a button.  As the door slid shut a hand 
grabed it and forced it open is was Packbell.  Packbell walked in. "Hello 
slave missed me?"  "Oh Shi.."  Mechtail said as the door closed. 

Sally limped into a comuncations room and headed towards a control panel.
She found a keyboard and started typing.  "Access Denied."  The computer said.
"This would be alot easier if Nicole was here."  Sally said and tryed again
but this time she used a password that Bookshire used.  "Access granted."
Sally hacked some more and typed in a message.  Just as Sally pressed send a
metal paw grabed her and pulled her away.  She looked around it was MechTail.
"Oh you scared me."  MechTail just stood there holded her tight his eyes 
were glowing red.  Packbell walked up behind the Worker Bot.  "Realy Princess 
you should know better then to play with equipment that does not belong to 
you.  I see you have meet one of my Worker Bots.  I don't know what you did 
but I fixed him, and now its your turn.  Worker Bot take the Princess to the 
roboticizer."  MechTail looked at Packbell.  "AS YOU COMMAND."  MechTail 
grabed Sally and walked out of the room,  Packbell was right behind them.

Back at Knothole the Freedom Fighters were siting and listening to speechs 
from good friends of Sally.  Sonic choosed to go last, he had a lot to think
about.  He was sitting besides Tails and Rotor.  Rosie just finished a 
tearfull speach and steeped down.  Antoine then walked up draging along a big
pile of paper.  Sonic mumbled.  "Oh man, were going to be here for hours."  
Ten minutes later.  Sonic mumbles.  "I'm veging real bad here, come on Ant.
I'm falling sleep."  'Beep, Beep.' "Well anything is better then this.  Whats 
up Nicole?"  "Sonic I have picked up a transmision from Robotropolis."  Sonic
scrached his head. "So?"  "Sonic I beleave the message is from Sally."
Sonic's eyes widen.  "What?"  Sonic jumped out of his set and ran straight
towards the pond. A power ring was appearing.  A freedom fighter on watch went 
up to grab it,  Sonic pushed him out of the way.  "Sorry I'm in a hurry!"  
Sonic grabed the ring.  "Nicole what's the message?"  "The message is in text.  
I will read it.  Sonic help in Robotropolis, Sally, BEAN."  Sonic closed 
Nicole and put the computer in a pocket since he was waring clothes. "I'M 
COMING SAL!"  Sonic lifted up the ring.  'BOOM'  Sonic was gone. 

"A home sweat home."  Packbell said as MechTail pulled Sally into the 
roboticizer room.  Sally look at Packbell.  "You may have me but the freedom
fighters will stop you some day."  Packbell looked at Sally with an evil
smile.  "I doubt it.  Now as soon as Needle Nose gets here we can get 
started!"  "I heard that!"  Snively said as he walked in.  "So good to see
you again Princess."  Snively smilled.  "Yes, I will succeed where Robotnik 
has failed."  Packbell wanted to say something then changed his mind.  
Sally turned her head to see MechTail behind her still holding her tight, his 
eyes glowing red.  */Poor Mechtail, I have got to get him back, but how?\*  
MechTail was totaly out of it.  All he could see was blured images fading in 
and out of his semiconscious mind, it was like he was dreaming.  Snively 
looked at Packbell.  "Care to do the honers?"  Packbell smiled.  "I have a 
better idea.  I will let her new friend do it.  Worker Bot put her in the 
robotiziser!"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yes I know you hate it when I do this but I next chapter well be along
very soon.


BYE.






