YOSHI'S COOKIE
February 26th, 1993
ACTION PUZZLE

It's crazy and you can't stop! Yoshi's Cookie!

A more exciting version of the action puzzle following Mario & Yoshi. Try to match the same kind of cookies that appear one after another. Oh, watch out! These cookies come not only from above but also from the side. If you connect the 4-player adapter, battles are also possible. Especially in 3 and 4-player games, your opponents will be able to launch unbelievable attacks on you. It's super exciting, and the heat is definitely on!


1-Player Game

Yoshi's Cookie is a fun and addictive 1-Player game.

Easy to operate and fun for everyone! The more you do it, the deeper you get into it.

Ingredients [for 1 person]

Game Boy x 1
Yoshi's Cookie cartridge x 1
Concentration: As needed
Challenging spirit: Some

How to play

Cookies are moved by column. Move the cursor to the row of cookies you want to move, and press the cross button while holding down the A button. If you move a cookie in a random line and place a cookie with the same pattern in a row or column, the cookie line will disappear.

Yoshi cookies, which appear from time to time, are all-purpose. They can be combined with any cookie.

The stage is cleared when all the cookies are erased. The game is over when the screen is filled with more and more cookies. 


Competitive Game

One more game while it's hot. Exciting must-play games

Double the fun and double the frustration. It's more fun if you do it together.

Ingredients [for 1 person]

Game Boy x 1-4
Yoshi's Cookie cartridges x 1
Dedicated communication cable x 4
Four-player adapter x 1
Fighting spirit: As needed
A little luck
Cooperation: As desired

How to play

The goal of the game is to erase rows and columns of cookies with the same pattern in a 5x5 field. 1 point is awarded for each row erased. The winner is the first person to earn 25 points.

When you line up Yoshi cookies, you can attack your opponent; the moment you line up a row, what you see above the field happens.

If you do not line up within a certain time, you will lose the game because your time is up.

Six different displays will change randomly, including PANIC!, -3, BLIND, etc. Be careful not to self-destruct, as it may not always be to your advantage! 
