SUPER MARIO LAND 2: 6 GOLDEN COINS
January 28th, 1993
ACTION


Story

Let's go! Six gold coins, these are the gold coins that will open the doors of Mario's castle!

It's a big deal!

While I was in Sarasaland to exterminate the space monster Tatanga, Mario Castle was taken over by a bad guy! The inhabitants of Mario Land have also been enchanted and made to work for him.
His name is Wario, and he's a bad guy who looks just like me. He was always plotting to take over Mario Castle.
Wario scatters the six gold coins of Mario Castle all over Mario Land and makes his minions see them. Without these gold coins, you can't enter Mario Castle. You must collect the Six Gold Coins and save everyone by defeating Wario in Mario Castle!


Tips from Mario

Middle Bells

If Mario misses before reaching the finish line by ringing a bell located throughout the course, he can start the next time near this location.

Six Gold Coins

Gold coins recovered from Wario's minions will be given back to his minions when the game is over. Please retrieve them again. When you clear a stage, you can play a bonus game by ringing the bell.


Power-up Mario

Mushroom: When you take a mushroom, you transform into the famous Super Mario! You can even make the blocks move. There are some blocks that can't be moved.
Fire Flower: If you take a fire flower, you can use a fireball to kill enemies. Some enemies cannot be defeated by fireballs.
Carrot: Take a carrot and you become Bunny Mario. You can also use various aerial tricks!
Star: When a star is taken, Mario becomes invincible for a certain period of time.


Various kinds of Mario

Mario in the Space Zone

Mario in the Space Zone is wearing a space suit.
He also moves very slowly.

Mario when he swims

Mario swimming. He cannot attack by stomping on the enemy. His movements are also sluggish.


Enemy Characters

Chikunto: Assault soldiers of the Ant family. You can distinguish an Ant by the presence or absence of antennae. You can't step on them if they have spikes.
Tatanga: Tatanga, the final boss of the previous game, returns as the boss of the Space Zone. He is now more aggressive, with a determination to defeat Mario.
Ghost Goomba: This is what happens when a cribber becomes a ghost (Boo)! It is an opponent that cannot be defeated, so when you meet him, you must be careful!
Bear: It appears on a rubber ball course. If you beat the bear, Mario can move around on the ball. Very useful.
Sewer Rat: The boss of the Macro Zone. He moves very fast, so if you are not careful, you will be dead in no time.
Honebon: The spirits of Cheep Cheeps gathered and finally brought back to this world, a fish with only bones. This one, too, has no flesh.
Witch: He is the boss of Pumpkin Zone. Wario is a member of Wario's gang, saying, "Wario is more badass and more interesting than Mario.
Ragumo: A relative of Monty Moles! At first they hide underground and appear above ground when Mario approaches.
Pikku: An enemy character that looks suspiciously like a leech. Jumping and leaping, they block Mario's way.
Shark: He is an assassin of the sea who goes by the name of "Aqua Mario Killer". He sometimes dashes out of nowhere and attacks Mario.

This is just a part of them! There are many more, so please cover them up! Gahahahaha!