MARIO & YOSHI
December 17th, 1992
ACTION PUZZLE


Sandwich with an egg!

Yoshi oggled from inside the egg! A very funny action puzzle game. Catch the falling characters by controlling Mario well. The real target is Yoshi's egg, which appears from time to time. By combining the Yoshi eggs that appear from time to time, various Yoshi are born. Clearing the stages is great, but the battle mode is the most exciting part of the game. Of course, your opponent is Luigi.


1-Player Game

A TYPE

You can play until the characters are stacked above the line. As the level of the game progresses, the speed of the falling characters increases. You can get 5 points by matching the same characters, and you can get a high score by returning Yoshi's eggs. If you make 10 or more Yoshi eggs, a bonus screen will appear at the end of the game.

B TYPE

Characters are stacked at the start. When all the characters are erased, a stage is cleared. A bonus screen will appear for each cleared stage.

Character Types

There are six types of characters that fall:

Little Goomba
Bloober
Egg Bottom
Piranha Plant
Boo Buddy
Egg Top

Advice from Yoshi

In A TYPE, a character's level increases when the character falls 40 times. When the character enters the next level, the falling speed of the character returns a little, and the speed gradually increases again. You can use the level as a guide for your progress. Yoshi!


2-Player Game

Basic rules of the 2 Player Game

The game starts with two players playing at the same time, and you win one game if you eliminate all the characters before your opponent does. If you win one game, you get one egg, and if you pile up characters to the top of the line, you lose and your opponent gets one egg. The winner is the first player to receive three eggs.

How to Attack in Competitive Mode

When a character is inserted between an egg bottom and an egg top, it can attack the opponent. The more eggs you place on the opponent's screen, the more characters will fall on the opponent's screen.


How to Use Eggs

Among the falling characters, there are Yoshi's eggs mixed in. There are two types of eggs, an egg buttom and an egg top, and when these two are combined in the same row to complete the egg, Yoshi is born from inside.

Egg Features

Egg tops disappear when it lands at the bottom.
The egg bottoms remain even if it lands at the bottom.
If you pile an egg top on top of a egg bottom, both will disappear.
When the egg top is piled on top of the egg bottom, the egg is completed and Yoshi is born!

When you put an egg top and egg bottom between the characters...

Little Yoshi is born: 0 enemies, 50 points
Yoshi: 1-3 enemies, 100 points
Winged Yoshi: 4-5 enemies, 200 points
Star Yoshi: 6 enemies, 500 points
